docs: document package.json eik field usage (#50)
eik-lib/eik-lib.github.io: docs/client_aliases.md

### Using an aliased version

> Creating import map aliases allows you to include the import map alias in your application's `eik.json` (or `package.json` `eik` field) file without the need to update it every time you publish a new version of the import map.

Reviewer: Should we start referring to `eik.json` as the Eik config now as the config can be in multiple places?

```suggestion
Creating import map aliases allows you to include the import map alias in your application's Eik config without the need to update it every time you publish a new version of the import map.
```
